---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 263AB Beautiful Matrix
date: 2022-07-16
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - implementation
  - "800"
---

You've got a 5 × 5 matrix, consisting of 24 zeroes and a single number one. Let's index the matrix rows by numbers from 1 to 5 from top to bottom, let's index the matrix columns by numbers from 1 to 5 from left to right. In one move, you are allowed to apply one of the two following transformations to the matrix:

1. Swap two neighboring matrix rows, that is, rows with indexes i and i + 1 for some integer i (1 ≤ i < 5).
2. Swap two neighboring matrix columns, that is, columns with indexes j and j + 1 for some integer j (1 ≤ j < 5). 

You think that a matrix looks beautiful, if the single number one of the matrix is located in its middle (in the cell that is on the intersection of the third row and the third column). Count the minimum number of moves needed to make the matrix beautiful.

**Input**

The input consists of five lines, each line contains five integers: the j-th integer in the i-th line of the input represents the element of the matrix that is located on the intersection of the i-th row and the j-th column. It is guaranteed that the matrix consists of 24 zeroes and a single number one.

**Output**

Print a single integer — the minimum number of moves needed to make the matrix beautiful.

# Examples

### **Input**
```
0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 1
0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
```
### **Output**
```
3
```
### **Input**
```
0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
0 1 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
```
### **Output**
```
1
```

---

# Get the data to start working

*Five lines, each contains five integers, that represent the element of the matrix:*  

**elements** = list(five integers)



# Think how can solve this problem
1. We have a 5x5 matrix with only one number 1, and we must take it to the center of the matrix.
1. Go to iterate in range(5), one for each **row** in the matrix.
2. In each **row** ask about for the **elements** of this row.
3. If we found one 1 we just need to find which column it's in.
4. Now we return the absolute value by subtracting 2 from the **column** and from the **row**.

    
# Go to code!!

```python
    class Solution():
        def moves_needed_to_make_the_matrix_beautiful():
     
            for row in range(5):
                elements = list(map(int, input().split()))
     
                if 1 in elements:
                    column = elements.index(1)
                    return (abs(row-2)) + (abs(column-2))
     
     
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        print(Solution.moves_needed_to_make_the_matrix_beautiful())
```
