---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 677A Vanya and Fence
date: 2022-07-11
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - Implementation
  - "800"
---

Vanya and his friends are walking along the fence of height h and they do not want the guard to notice them. In order to achieve this the height of each of the friends should not exceed h. If the height of some person is greater than h he can bend down and then he surely won't be noticed by the guard. The height of the i-th person is equal to ai.

Consider the width of the person walking as usual to be equal to 1, while the width of the bent person is equal to 2. Friends want to talk to each other while walking, so they would like to walk in a single row. What is the minimum width of the road, such that friends can walk in a row and remain unattended by the guard?

**Input**

The first line of the input contains two integers n and h (1 ≤ n ≤ 1000, 1 ≤ h ≤ 1000) — the number of friends and the height of the fence, respectively.

The second line contains n integers ai (1 ≤ ai ≤ 2h), the i-th of them is equal to the height of the i-th person.

**Output**

Print a single integer — the minimum possible valid width of the road.

# Examples

### **Input**
```
3 7
4 5 14
```
### **Output**
```
4
```
### **Input**
```
6 1
1 1 1 1 1 1
```
### **Output**
```
6
```
### **Input**
```
6 5
7 6 8 9 10 5
```
### **Output**
```
11
```

---

# Get the data to start working

*First line input:*<br>
**n** **h**<br>

*Second line:*<br>
(**n** integers)**a**

number_of_friends = **n**<br>
fence_height = **h**<br>
friends = **n** integers **a**

# Think how can solve this problem

1. We can put **friends** in a list to iterate.  
2. The width than need **number_of_friends** is equal to 1 but if someone need to bend is equal to 2.  
3. Iterate **friends** to know the **friend_height**.  
4. **number_of_friends** will be our base-widht of road.    
5. Only we have to increment by 1 the **number_of_friends** if the **friend_height** is greater than the **fence_height**.  
6. Return the new value of **number_of_friends**
    
# Go to code!!

```python
    class Solution():
     
        def minimun_width_of_the_road():
            number_of_friends, height_of_the_fence = map(int, input().split())
            friends= list(map(int, input().rstrip().split()))
     
            for friend_height in friends:
                if friend_height > height_of_the_fence:
                    number_of_friends += 1
            return number_of_friends
     
     
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        print(Solution.minimun_width_of_the_road())
```
