---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 334A Magnets
date: 2022-07-21
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - implementation
  - "800"
---

Mad scientist Mike entertains himself by arranging rows of dominoes. He doesn't need dominoes, though: he uses rectangular magnets instead. Each magnet has two poles, positive (a "plus") and negative (a "minus"). If two magnets are put together at a close distance, then the like poles will repel each other and the opposite poles will attract each other.

Mike starts by laying one magnet horizontally on the table. During each following step Mike adds one more magnet horizontally to the right end of the row. Depending on how Mike puts the magnet on the table, it is either attracted to the previous one (forming a group of multiple magnets linked together) or repelled by it (then Mike lays this magnet at some distance to the right from the previous one). We assume that a sole magnet not linked to others forms a group of its own.

Mike arranged multiple magnets in a row. Determine the number of groups that the magnets formed.

**Input**

The first line of the input contains an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100000) — the number of magnets. Then n lines follow. The i-th line (1 ≤ i ≤ n) contains either characters "01", if Mike put the i-th magnet in the "plus-minus" position, or characters "10", if Mike put the magnet in the "minus-plus" position.

**Output**

On the single line of the output print the number of groups of magnets.


# Examples

### **Input**
```
6
10
10
10
01
10
10
```
### **Output**
```
3
```
### **Input**
```
4
01
01
10
10
```
### **Output**
```
2
```

---
# Think how can solve this problem
1. A group of magnets is a group of magnets with the positive and negative charge are in the same position.
2. To know how many groups of magnets are according to the **number_of_magnets**, we have to compare the **current_magnet** with the **last_magnet**.
3. Save the first magnet in **last_magnet**.
4. Iterate in range o the **number_of_magnets** beginning for 1.
5. Ask for the position of the **current_magnet**.
6. If **curent_magnet** is diferente to **last_magnet**, increment **groups_of_magnets** by 1 and save the **current_magnet** in **last_magnet**.
7. Return the **groups_of_magnets**

    
# Go to code!!

```python
class Solution():

    def numbere_of_groups_of_magets():
        number_of_magnets = int(input())
        last_magnet = input()
        groups_of_magnets = 1

        for magnets in range(number_of_magnets-1):
            current_magnet = input()
            if current_magnet != last_magnet:
                last_magnet = current_magnet
                groups_of_magnets += 1
        return groups_of_magnets


if __name__ == '__main__':
    print(Solution.groups_of_magets())
```
