---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 734A Anton and Danik
date: 2022-07-12
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - implementation
  - strings
  - "800"
---

Anton likes to play chess, and so does his friend Danik.

Once they have played n games in a row. For each game it's known who was the winner — Anton or Danik. None of the games ended with a tie.

Now Anton wonders, who won more games, he or Danik? Help him determine this.

**Input**

The first line of the input contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100 000) — the number of games played.

The second line contains a string s, consisting of n uppercase English letters 'A' and 'D' — the outcome of each of the games. The i-th character of the string is equal to 'A' if the Anton won the i-th game and 'D' if Danik won the i-th game.

**Output**

If Anton won more games than Danik, print "Anton" (without quotes) in the only line of the output.

If Danik won more games than Anton, print "Danik" (without quotes) in the only line of the output.

If Anton and Danik won the same number of games, print "Friendship" (without quotes).



# Examples

### **Input**
```
6
ADAAAA
```
### **Output**
```
Anton
```
### **Input**
```
7
DDDAADA
```
### **Output**
```
Danik
```
### **Input**
```
6
DADADA
```
### **Output**
```
Frienship
```

---

# Get the data to start working

*First line input:*<br>
**n**<br>

*Second line:*<br>
**s**

number_of_games = **n**  
winner = **s**

# Think how can solve this problem
1. To know who won more games his initial should be repeated more times than half the **number_of_games**.
2. Here are some options to continue:
    1. Compare how many times repeat each initial of the **winner** (If A > D and D > A).
    2. Multiply by 2 the initial of the **winner** and compare if is greater than the **number_of_games** they played.
    3. Compare if the initial of the **winner** is greater than the **number_of_games** they played divide by 2.
3. Return the name of who won more games or Friedship in case of a tie.

In this case i choose the third option to make useful the var **number_of_games**
    
# Go to code!!

```python
    class Solution():
     
        def who_won_more_games():
            number_of_games = int(input())
            winner = input()
     
            if winner.count('A') > number_of_games / 2:
                return 'Anton'
            elif winner.count('D') > number_of_games / 2:
                return 'Danik'
            else:
                return 'Friendship'
            
     
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        print(Solution.more_games_wins())
```
