---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 226A Stones on the Table
date: 2022-07-23
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - implementation
  - "800"
---

There are n stones on the table in a row, each of them can be red, green or blue. Count the minimum number of stones to take from the table so that any two neighboring stones had different colors. Stones in a row are considered neighboring if there are no other stones between them.

**Input**

The first line contains integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 50) — the number of stones on the table.

The next line contains string s, which represents the colors of the stones. We'll consider the stones in the row numbered from 1 to n from left to right. Then the i-th character s equals "R", if the i-th stone is red, "G", if it's green and "B", if it's blue.

**Output**

Print a single integer — the answer to the problem.

# Examples

### **Input**
```
3
RRG
```
### **Output**
```
1
```
### **Input**
```
5
RRRRR
```
### **Output**
```
4
```
### **Input**
```
4
BRBG
```
### **Output**
```
0
```

---

# Think how can solve this problem
1. How many stones must be removed so that on the table there are not two stones of the same color together?
2. Save the **number_of_stones** as int and **colors_of_the_stones** in a list.
3. Create **stones_to_take** as a counter to know how many stones remove.
4. Iterate the **colors_of_the_stones** indexes **number_of_stones** times minus one, to go through all the **stones** and compare with the next without exceeding the index limit.
    - `for i in range(n-1)`
    - In this case: `for stones in range(number_of_stones-1)`
5. If the **stone** is equal to the next **stone** increase the **stones_to_take** by 1.
    - `list[i] == list[i+1]`
    - In this case: `colors_of_the_stones[stone] == colors_of_the_stones[stone+1]`
6. Return **stones_to_take**.
    
# Go to code!!

```python
    class Solution():
     
        def minimun_of_stones_to_take():
            number_of_stones = int(input())
            colors_of_the_stones = input()
            stones_to_take = 0
            for stone in range(number_of_stones-1):
                if colors_of_the_stones[stone] == colors_of_the_stones[stone+1]:
                    stones_to_take += 1
            return stones_to_take
     
     
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        print(Solution.minimun_of_stones_to_take())
```
```
Time Complexity: O(n)
Space Complexity: O(1)
```