---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 231A Team
date: 2022-07-14
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - 
  - 
---

One day three best friends Petya, Vasya and Tonya decided to form a team and take part in programming contests. Participants are usually offered several problems during programming contests. Long before the start the friends decided that they will implement a problem if at least two of them are sure about the solution. Otherwise, the friends won't write the problem's solution.

This contest offers n problems to the participants. For each problem we know, which friend is sure about the solution. Help the friends find the number of problems for which they will write a solution.

**Input**

The first input line contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 1000) — the number of problems in the contest. Then n lines contain three integers each, each integer is either 0 or 1. If the first number in the line equals 1, then Petya is sure about the problem's solution, otherwise he isn't sure. The second number shows Vasya's view on the solution, the third number shows Tonya's view. The numbers on the lines are separated by spaces.

**Output**

Print a single integer — the number of problems the friends will implement on the contest.


# Examples

### **Input**
```
3
1 1 0
1 1 1
1 0 0
```
### **Output**
```
2
```
### **Input**
```
2
1 0 0
1
```
### **Output**
```
1
```

---

# Get the data to start working

*First line input:*  
**x**

***n*** *lines:*  
Three inputs i

number_of_problems = **x**  
problems_soved = Three inputs **i**

# Think how can solve this problem
1. To consider if a problem will be implemented at least 2 must be sure to solve it.
1. The first number of **problem_solved** shows Petya's view of the problem's solution, the second shows Vasya's view and the third show Tonya's view.
1. The number is equal to 1 if the respective view is sure about the problem and equal to 0 if isn't sure.
1.Iterate in range of the **number_of_problems**
1. Ask the results of **problems_solved** in each iteration.
1. If the sum of the **problems_solved** is less than 1, this problem is not considerate implemented.
1. We reduce the **number_of__problems** by 1 for each problem not implemented.
1. Return the number of problems

# Go to code!!

```python
class Solution():

    def problems_of_friends_will_implement():
        number_of_problems = int(input())

        for problem in range(number_of_problems):
            problems_solved = list(map(int, input().split()))

            if problems_solved < 2:
                number_of_problems -= 1
        return number_of_problems


if __name__ == '__main__':
    print(Solution.problems_of_friends_will_implement())

```
